after the death of Moses the servant of
after the death of Moses the servant of the Lord it came to pass that the Lord
the Lord it came to pass that the Lord
the Lord it came to pass that the Lord spoke to Joshua the son of nun Moses
spoke to Joshua the son of nun Moses
spoke to Joshua the son of nun Moses assistant Moses my servant is dead now
assistant Moses my servant is dead now
assistant Moses my servant is dead now therefore arise go over this Jordan you
therefore arise go over this Jordan you
therefore arise go over this Jordan you and all this people to the land which I
and all this people to the land which I
and all this people to the land which I am giving to them the children of Israel
am giving to them the children of Israel
am giving to them the children of Israel every place that the sole of your foot
every place that the sole of your foot
every place that the sole of your foot will tread upon I have given you as I
will tread upon I have given you as I
will tread upon I have given you as I said to Moses from the wilderness and
said to Moses from the wilderness and
said to Moses from the wilderness and this Lebanon as far as the great river
this Lebanon as far as the great river
this Lebanon as far as the great river the river Euphrates all the land of the
the river Euphrates all the land of the
the river Euphrates all the land of the Hittites and to the Great Sea toward the
Hittites and to the Great Sea toward the
Hittites and to the Great Sea toward the going down of the Sun shall be your
going down of the Sun shall be your
going down of the Sun shall be your territory no man shall be able to stand
territory no man shall be able to stand
territory no man shall be able to stand before you all the days of your life as
before you all the days of your life as
before you all the days of your life as I was with Moses so I will be with you I
I was with Moses so I will be with you I
I was with Moses so I will be with you I will not leave you nor forsake you be
will not leave you nor forsake you be
will not leave you nor forsake you be strong and of good courage for to this
strong and of good courage for to this
strong and of good courage for to this people you shall divide as an
people you shall divide as an
people you shall divide as an inheritance the land which I swore to
inheritance the land which I swore to
inheritance the land which I swore to their fathers to give them only be
their fathers to give them only be
their fathers to give them only be strong and very courageous that you may
strong and very courageous that you may
strong and very courageous that you may observe to do according to all the law
observe to do according to all the law
observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant come
which Moses my servant come
which Moses my servant come do not turn from it to the right hand or
do not turn from it to the right hand or
do not turn from it to the right hand or to the left that you may prosper
to the left that you may prosper
to the left that you may prosper wherever you go this book of the law
wherever you go this book of the law
wherever you go this book of the law shall not depart from your mouth but you
shall not depart from your mouth but you
shall not depart from your mouth but you shall meditate in it day and night that
shall meditate in it day and night that
shall meditate in it day and night that you may observe to do according to all
you may observe to do according to all
you may observe to do according to all that is written in it for then you will
that is written in it for then you will
that is written in it for then you will make your way prosperous and then you
make your way prosperous and then you
make your way prosperous and then you will have good success have I not
will have good success have I not
will have good success have I not commanded you be strong and of good
commanded you be strong and of good
commanded you be strong and of good courage do not be afraid nor be dismayed
courage do not be afraid nor be dismayed
courage do not be afraid nor be dismayed for the Lord your God is with you
for the Lord your God is with you
for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go then Joshua commanded
wherever you go then Joshua commanded
wherever you go then Joshua commanded the offices of the people pass through
the offices of the people pass through
the offices of the people pass through the camp and command the people saying
the camp and command the people saying
the camp and command the people saying prepare provisions for yourselves for
prepare provisions for yourselves for
prepare provisions for yourselves for within three days you will cross over
within three days you will cross over
within three days you will cross over this Jordan to go in to possess the land
this Jordan to go in to possess the land
this Jordan to go in to possess the land which the Lord your God is giving you to
which the Lord your God is giving you to
which the Lord your God is giving you to possess and to the rubra nights the
possess and to the rubra nights the
possess and to the rubra nights the gadites and half the tribe of manasseh
gadites and half the tribe of manasseh
gadites and half the tribe of manasseh joshua spoke remember the word which
joshua spoke remember the word which
joshua spoke remember the word which Moses the servant of the lord commanded
Moses the servant of the lord commanded
Moses the servant of the lord commanded you saying the Lord your God is giving
you saying the Lord your God is giving
you saying the Lord your God is giving you rest and is giving you this land
you rest and is giving you this land
you rest and is giving you this land your wives your little ones and your
your wives your little ones and your
your wives your little ones and your livestock shall remain in the land which
livestock shall remain in the land which
livestock shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side of the
Moses gave you on this side of the
Moses gave you on this side of the Jordan but you shall pass before your
Jordan but you shall pass before your
Jordan but you shall pass before your brethren armed all your mighty men of
brethren armed all your mighty men of
brethren armed all your mighty men of valor and help them until the Lord has
valor and help them until the Lord has
valor and help them until the Lord has given your brethren rest as he gave you
given your brethren rest as he gave you
given your brethren rest as he gave you and they also have taken possession of
and they also have taken possession of
and they also have taken possession of the land which the Lord your God is
the land which the Lord your God is
the land which the Lord your God is giving them then you shall return to the
giving them then you shall return to the
giving them then you shall return to the land of your possession and enjoy it
land of your possession and enjoy it
land of your possession and enjoy it which Moses the Lord's servant gave you
which Moses the Lord's servant gave you
which Moses the Lord's servant gave you on this side of the Jordan toward the
on this side of the Jordan toward the
on this side of the Jordan toward the sunrise survey answered Joshua
sunrise survey answered Joshua
sunrise survey answered Joshua all that you command us we will do and
all that you command us we will do and
all that you command us we will do and wherever you send us we will go just as
wherever you send us we will go just as
wherever you send us we will go just as we heeded Moses and all things so we
we heeded Moses and all things so we
we heeded Moses and all things so we will yield you only the Lord your God be
will yield you only the Lord your God be
will yield you only the Lord your God be with you as he was with Moses whoever
with you as he was with Moses whoever
with you as he was with Moses whoever rebels against your command and does not
rebels against your command and does not
rebels against your command and does not heed your words in all that you command
heed your words in all that you command
heed your words in all that you command him shall be put to death only be strong
him shall be put to death only be strong
him shall be put to death only be strong and of good courage
and of good courage
and of good courage you